Students/course-material.md, before:

## **Join The Official Discord**

To get instant updates or ask any queries, join our [Cloud Native Islamabad Dicord Server](https://discord.gg/e66RBeHd3x)!

## **Course Outline**

Here's the official course outline: [Course Outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/111Qq_h9poOawOWJU_XUMLRGkwrXD4xnK1Bf8C9OEhGQ/edit)

## **Teacher's Main Repository**

- **Main Repository**: [Saim-Safdar's DevOps Crash Course](https://github.com/Saim-Safdar/DevOps-Crash-Course) Check out our teacher's main repository for the course.
- **Contribute or Find Blogs**: [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/Saim-Safdar/DevOps-Crash-Course/blob/main/Students/DevoOps-2024-contribution.md) - Want to contribute a blog or find useful ones? This is the place.

## **Week 1-2: Linux & GitHub**

- **Linux for Beginners**: [FreeCodeCamp Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWbUDq4S6Y8&t=47s&ab_channel=freeCodeCamp.org) - A comprehensive walkthrough to get you comfortable with the command line.
- **Linux & GitHub Blog**: [HackMD Blog](https://hackmd.io/PGGZAAHrQA2ZoHHMcAzwNQ) - An awesome resource to learn about Linux and GitHub.
- **DevOps Playground**: [Experiment Here](https://labs.iximiuz.com/playgrounds) - Practice your commands and explore Linux

## **Week 3: Docker**

- **Docker 101 Workshop**: [Watch Now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mxhS7H6bxM&t=1178s&ab_channel=CloudNativeIslamabad) - Learn the fundamentals of Docker, and get a taste of Docker Compose.
- **MERN App Repo**: [GitHub Link](https://github.com/mikesir87/example-mern-stack-app) - Explore this repository for hands-on experience with Docker, related to the workshop above
- **Dockerising Angular Repository**: [GitHub Link](https://github.com/Saim-Safdar/Dockerizing-Angular)
- **Example Voting App Repository**: [GitHub Link](https://github.com/dockersamples/example-voting-app) - Docker Compose deep dive and Kubernetes basics

---

## **Week 4: Kubernetes**

```
This section will be updated later
```

Commit message:

Adds Introduction To Kubernetes Slides In course-material.md

Students/course-material.md, after:

## **Join The Official Discord**

To get instant updates or ask any queries, join our [Cloud Native Islamabad Dicord Server](https://discord.gg/e66RBeHd3x)!

## **Course Outline**

Here's the official course outline: [Course Outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/111Qq_h9poOawOWJU_XUMLRGkwrXD4xnK1Bf8C9OEhGQ/edit)

## **Teacher's Main Repository**

- **Main Repository**: [Saim-Safdar's DevOps Crash Course](https://github.com/Saim-Safdar/DevOps-Crash-Course) Check out our teacher's main repository for the course.
- **Contribute or Find Blogs**: [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/Saim-Safdar/DevOps-Crash-Course/blob/main/Students/DevoOps-2024-contribution.md) - Want to contribute a blog or find useful ones? This is the place.

## **Week 1-2: Linux & GitHub**

- **Linux for Beginners**: [FreeCodeCamp Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWbUDq4S6Y8&t=47s&ab_channel=freeCodeCamp.org) - A comprehensive walkthrough to get you comfortable with the command line.
- **Linux & GitHub Blog**: [HackMD Blog](https://hackmd.io/PGGZAAHrQA2ZoHHMcAzwNQ) - An awesome resource to learn about Linux and GitHub.
- **DevOps Playground**: [Experiment Here](https://labs.iximiuz.com/playgrounds) - Practice your commands and explore Linux

## **Week 3: Docker**

- **Docker 101 Workshop**: [Watch Now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mxhS7H6bxM&t=1178s&ab_channel=CloudNativeIslamabad) - Learn the fundamentals of Docker, and get a taste of Docker Compose.
- **MERN App Repo**: [GitHub Link](https://github.com/mikesir87/example-mern-stack-app) - Explore this repository for hands-on experience with Docker, related to the workshop above
- **Dockerising Angular Repository**: [GitHub Link](https://github.com/Saim-Safdar/Dockerizing-Angular)
- **Example Voting App Repository**: [GitHub Link](https://github.com/dockersamples/example-voting-app) - Docker Compose deep dive and Kubernetes basics

## **Week 4: Kubernetes**

- **Introduction to Kubernetes Slides** Check out the slides here: [Introduction to Kubernetes](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-Hq_BFO19U479TrBRxQkpSoXYD2wbZy_gLNIvcTh_uo/edit#slide=id.g16ce3142ea5_0_50)
